[Music]
[Applause]
it was just two lovers
sittin in the car listening to
blond fallin for eachother
pink & orange skies feelin super
childish no donald glover
missed call from my mother
like where you at tonight got no alibi i
was all alone
with the love of my life
she's got glitter for skin
my radiant beam in the night
i don't
need see
you
shy
we were just two lovers
feet up on the dash driving nowhere fast
burning through the summer
radio and blast make the moment loud she
got solar power minutes feel like i was
she knew she was a baddest can you even
imagine falling like i did for the love
of my life
[Music]
to see
so
[Music]
you